Methodology
Penetration Testing Executing Standard (PTES) 

Information Gathering:
Determine technology
Inspect source code

Threat modeling:
Understand target,
Prepare potential avenues of attack.
To determine the most effective types of attacks,
understand the context and related risks. 

Vulnerability analysis:
With enough information about the target,
A defined threat model,
Begin vulnerabilities discovery
Analyzing and attempt exploits

Exploitation:
To exploit, we need to be creative.
We can search the internet for the various known bypasses
and randomly throw them at the server, or we can be more surgical
and study the responses we get from our attacks efforts
It’s just like a cat-and-mouse game.
NOTES:
You need a set of skills, the basics helps right away and the others learn as you encounter
them. You need a resilient mindset that doesn’t shy away from challenges,
pushes you to dig deeper when necessary, and spurs you to use your creativity to find new solutions.


Web Application Attack Surface
- Firewall/Proxy/Load Balancer/Web Application Firewall
- Web Servers and Web Application servers
- Proprietary or third-party application code
- Databases
- Virtualization Systems
- Operating Systems
- Infrastructure and cloud


THE RECIPE:
1. Information gathering: 
Finding helpful information for the subsequent phases, such as the
applications installed and web server information:
PTES:         Intelligence gathering [ too broad for my use case ]
SP 800-115:   Discovery (information gathering and scanning) - TO READ
WSTG:         Information gathering, configuration,
			  deployment management testing and weak cryptography

2. Threat modeling: 
To understand which kind of attacks and vulnerabilities can be helpful,
consider the application, its technical aspect, and the interest of a threat actor:
PTES: 	Threat modeling [ too broad for my use case ]
WSTG: 	Threat modeling from Chapter 2, which considers the tests from Chapter 4

3. Vulnerability analysis: 
We use testing techniques to identify and look at the vulnerabilities list:
PTES: 		  Vulnerability analysis.
SP 800-115:   Discovery (vulnerability analysis), looking for known
			  vulnerabilities and using the testing techniques (white, black,
			  and gray boxes) to find new vulnerabilities.
WSTG: 		  In general, the entire process is both iterative and incremental.
			  Understanding the initial objectives derived from threat modeling
			  and intelligence gathering begins.
			  Typically we begin the process with an unauthenticated
			  preliminary analysis, looking for low-hanging fruits.
			  Then we continue with the complete tests/attacks.



Exploitation: 
Where we can execute attacks and exploits. Once we are “in”, we have the initial access.

PTES: Exploitation.

SP 800-115: Attack (gaining access). Successfully exploiting an application can sometimes
mean gaining access to an operating system. Often, the process is more complex.



Post-exploitation: 
When inside a system where we escalate our privileges and gain visibility, 
we gather more information. If it aligns with our goals, we extract the data we need. 
This process may further enable us to establish persistence or even initiate a pivot
(a lateral movement).
This phase, in which we seek to understand the different paths attackers take,
is where the MITRE ATT&CK framework comes into play:

PTES: Post-exploitation

SP 800-115: Attack (gaining access)
